Slicing. The slicing is actually reducing an N dimensional cube.
Cube, as we agreed, could be actually not only three.
It can be multiple dimensions if we grouped by that one.
So, if we actually fixed one of the dimensions to a single value,
we take a slice.
So, here for example,
if we say that we only want to reduce our scope to the onset of March,
so we got this slice,
because in this slice, it's fixed.
We still have the branch dimension and we still get the movie dimension,
but the month's dimension is fixed to March.
So, that's a slice.
Then there is a dice,
and when we dice an OLAP cube,
we actually have the same number of dimensions.
So, if it was three-dimensional,
it will remain three-dimensional.
However, we're going to compute a sub cube by restricting the range of values.
So, for example, we are going to say,
we have the movie, the month,
and the branch, but the month is going to be restricted to February and March.
So, it's a range of value.
Movie is in Avatar or Batman,
and the branch is New York.
So, that's a smaller sub-cube and that's a dice operation.